# AILib-An-Intelligent-Application-using-the-best-Face-Recognition-and-Anti-Spoofing-methods

Face Recognition Technology and Face Anti-Spoofing became a necessity during the Covid 19 pandemic, Monkeypox Virus etc. During these times contactless technology is needed and is a boon for the people. Digital transformation is taking place drastically in areas of Vietnam such as cul-ture, education, tourism, finance, industry, and entertainment. There are no facial recognition technologies at libraries of most educational institutions in Vietnam. To identify an appropriate face recognition processing ap-proach and a secure anti-spoofing method, we have offered our research to develop a solution to build a whole system that we researched and assessed at each stage. To construct a Facial Recognition application, we imple-mented a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) as a core to recognize faces in real-time. For the anti-spoofing stage, we then applied Landmark68 to determine whether the faces are real or false. We applied our findings and developed an application AILib during the Covid-19 outbreak, when it was challenging for students to physically visit and login with their student IDs at the counter to obtain books. Students can now access the books without physically being there by logging in using their faces on the AILib. Accord-ing to the findings of our research, the system functions satisfactorily, with an ideal level of accuracy of 98.42%. Additionally, we found out the best threshold value for Asian face during face recognition test was 0.4 and others for different faces. For anti-spoofing, during the facial anti-spoofing test, the best threshold value for left, right and front was d < -50, d < -150 and d > -50 respectively, and the right value is d > -50 and in comparison, with state-of-the-art methods is pretty good. The program is practically applicable, making a substantial contribution to the ground-breaking use of artificial intelligence in helping people live better, safer lives.
